how to run ABM on a
[Music]
budget welcome back to a fresh episode
of Breaking
bb.com I'm your host Sam Dunning and if
you want to join thousands of Legends
enjoying past episodes or to try out our
weekday email head over to Breaking
bb.com so today I've got Mason Cosby
joining me Mason's the founder over at
Scrappy ABM we're going to be diving
into what kind of B2B organization
should be investing time cash or
resource into ABM the minimum amount of
spend or resource you're going to need
to apply to make it happen and some
practical plays so you can start running
ABM from today so with that welcome to
the show Mason how you doing sir I am
doing well I'm excited to be here thanks
for having me no worries dude likewise
looking forward to the show so with that
said diving straight in as we always
do ABM accounts account-based marketing
what kind of business is really a good
or a bad fit when it comes to running
ABM yeah so I mean I think in the
context of B2B we all know uh when we're
talk about ABM like you've got to be a
B2B organization because ADM is
account-based marketing so if you're
trying to do account based means you
need to focus on a company so it's not
contact focused so that's first thing
second thing is generally speaking you
need a dedicated sales team this highly
requires uh a part partnership between
marketing and sales to be effective
seeing a dedicated sales team you also
generally speaking and there's an Asis
on this I'll explain the as here in a
moment but generally you want to have a
clear product Market fit and people are
going to be like why is an as on that
I'll explain uh you want to have clear
product Market fit because if you're
getting really targeted and really
specific you need to know the exact
problems you solve and how you solve
them for those kinds of organizations if
you don't have product Market fit it's
really difficult to get uh nuanced and
personalized in your messaging you also
need generally speaking a 50 K ACV
meaning average contract value so if you
don't have at least $50,000 of a deal
value ABM is probably not the right fit
you're really focused on high quality
opportunities here versus a quantity of
opportunities uh and then lastly it's
generally speaking a longer deal cycle
there is a lot of involvement on both
marketing and sales side I would say
generally speaking you need a 90day
sales cycle in order to justify the
investment in AVM because the other side
to AVM is you can actually run in
pipeline programs that should help speed
up your deals so all that to say those
are kind of the requirements around
building an ABM program the one asteris
I want to add would be vertical specific
organizations if you are serving only
one Niche only one kind of customer then
you should probably just build an ABM
program we're working with a client
right now that literally their total
addressable Market is 500 accounts
that's it it's like why would you run
anything else um versus says you know I
I'm an ABM provider I could work with
any B2B company really hypothetically so
I don't necessarily need to be uh
running an ABM program until I found the
exact kind of client that is my ideal
client profile where I solve the problem
the best for them specifically so that'd
be the Asis on who ABM is
for appreciate the rundown so
essentially a B2B company with a sales
team clear product Market fit ideally 50
Grand or Plus
average contract value and then
typically 90 days or longer sales flow
and then with that added Niche if you
are in a small total addressable Market
or perhaps have a really tight Niche
that it might make sense to sweet that's
a nice concise summary so moving
forwards when it comes to ABM I think
what when I've spoken to to folks about
it maybe businesses that were going to
help with their website with their SEO
and so on where they've mentioned ABM
it's always been a bit of a weird one
like some folks like nah abm's way too
expensive or we don't have the resource
in house or it just never really worked
like we dipped our toe in the water it
didn't work but let's set let's bust any
myths and set the record straight what
are what's like a minimum budget as one
one point and then or if you're going to
do it interally like a minimum amount of
resource Mason that youd need to
actually get some results with ABM yeah
I mean honestly a lot of sellers are
actually doing quote unquote ABM because
they've got their account list so
honestly my first ABM program uh I
worked as a full funel account executive
so I was doing my own sourcing of
pipeline I was working the D is actually
managing the account so what I had was
the ability to send an email and
organize a database so again in that
context oh the other thing I should
mention we had a trade deal with a
bakery so I could actually on my way to
go visit an account I could pick up
cookies so that was like my budget for
my first AVM program in reality uh I
think for most modern companies they
have a RM they've got marketing
automation so really it is truly how do
I organize my data to understand who I'm
going after next piece would be what are
my distribution channels that I have
available you can use a lot of free
channels uh prime example you can go
connect to all your target accounts on
LinkedIn and post content organically
it's timec consuming but it's free and
now you've got a distribution Channel
that's your LinkedIn organic content
that goes directly to your target
accounts so it's distribution next piece
would just be like what's your
destination what are you pointing people
to what's the content
so again that's not necessarily a tech
stack but it is resour you have to have
some that can create content for you
that's specific and personalized nuance
and then lastly we think about it from a
perspective of Direction so how do we
track that these accounts are moving
closer towards becoming an account um
that could be as simple as a calendly
when you're getting started of like they
booked a call or they didn't um again
using organic social they've engaged in
our content they're showing up every day
they're starting to leave comments uh
maybe they shoot you a message again
it's it doesn't have to be overly
complicated as long as you can answer
the four DS which again are data
distribution destination and Direction
who we're going after how are we getting
in front of them what are we sending
them how do we track it if you can
answer those four questions you can
build an ABM
program data distribution destination
what was the last one direction we
needed a d so it's just tracking like
how do you track it gotcha Okay cool so
there are plays that we can do with our
own internal
resource and is that something like if
if we're thinking about setting up for
our own B2B company that our sales team
can be do is it something our marketing
marketing team should do is it something
they should kind of club together on or
yeah um I've talked about this a lot in
the past few months is this idea that
your first step to ABM is actually
Activation so it's how do you activate
the sales team to really oversimplify an
ABM program you've got three core stages
stage one is marketing warming up the
accounts so that they are brand aware
they're solution aware they're problem
aware they feel the pain they're like I
need a solution there comes a point
where you can see okay they're actually
in a point where they could be
interested in buying our Solution that's
where you would get sales involved so
there's some kind of a trigger the one
that I like to mention as an idea is
like a Target account has you pricing
page product page schedule call page but
they didn't book a call probably a good
signal that they may be interested in
your services gives you a good reason to
reach out once that handoff is has
happened and sales is now involved in
closing this account then the question
becomes how do we marketing and sales
work together to then bring the deal to
an actual close and then become a
customer so those are the three core
stages generally speaking where ABM is
going to fail is at that second stage
it's the sales marketing handoff it's
the sales marketing alignment piece it's
the Tail's oldest time so I recommend
starting there in figuring out what's
our sales handoff process because if you
can figure that out and you figure out
what your trigger point is then the job
of marketing becomes how do I drive more
accounts into our trigger point and then
also how do we optimize post trigger so
again if you're getting started it's
going to be harder in the front end
because it's way easier for marketing in
a silo to go build this big program and
then come to sales later and be like
look at this beautiful thing that I
built and what Sal is going to be like
what why would we do anything with that
like we've been working for the past
quarter to try to generate opportunities
and you've not done anything for us in
reality you were building this big ABM
program they just didn't know about it
or they heard about it they didn't see
anything so sales often thinks week to
week marketing thinks quarter to quarter
or year to year so you haven't helped
sales in the past couple of weeks
they're not going to trust you so again
starting at this point and saying how do
we operationalize list segmentation and
outbound for right fit accounts if it
our product pages our pricing page our
schedule call Page or high intent
content pages and I don't mean like a
they download an ebook but if you look
at your deals and this is something
where potentially a hockey stack could
come in uh if you see something where
there's specific content assets that 90%
of your deals have viewed and read
before they actually schedule a call you
might use that as a trigger point I
don't recommend it universally but
you're may be you may have some nuances
in your organization start there figure
out that process and then go build the
actual ABM program got it cool so let's
take a little step back we got into some
tactical plays there let's take a little
step back let's imagine that perhaps we
are a fairly early stage software
company maybe sometimes I use this as an
example we're we're in the calendar
scheduling space because that's all that
can pop into my mind right now but we
we're in a tight Niche right maybe we're
in the construction space so we have got
a we've mapped out kind of some dream
accounts we we've probably not got the
biggest Niche because we're not cly
we're not Revenue hero or chili Piper
we've got quite a well car carved out
target market and maybe we've built out
like we we're not going to go crazy we
built out like 50 dream accounts that
we'd love to work
with maybe we have like internally we've
not got a ton of resources so maybe we
have like one seller one marketer and
then the rest is like our team building
the product um where do we start like
what is the minimum amount of cash this
team needs first off and what kind of
amount of time are they going to need to
allocate as well like say on a on a
monthly basis or weekly basis yeah it's
a great question so there's a couple of
thoughts because we've actually worked
with some really early stage companies
in which it didn't even have a marketer
and a seller it was like a Founder um
and then the product team and the
founder was like marketing and sales so
where we started with them is on it's
three tools that are all free so you use
a tool called propensity propensity is a
um they friend themselves up as AVM for
small team so they do have a paid tier
but on their free tier you actually get
access to the ability to build Target
account list and see thirdparty intent
data so you can actually do based on
their free tier is map out your entire
account list understand these are the
topics that they're surging on or these
are the competitors that they're looking
at and they'll actually give you a 100
accounts on a weekly basis so you can
export that account list and you can
upload that over into Apollo with Apollo
you can build personas so you can
actually then take that account list
filter by your predetermined Persona and
now you've got an account list that
actually contact enrich data through
Apollo you can do outbound sequencing
and on the free tier you can do up to
two sequences that are fully automated I
don't necessarily recommend that all the
time uh if you end up actually seeing
value from it you can move up into here
and invest in a $60 a month tool that's
month to month or you can pay for the
year and get a I think it's down to 50
bucks a month at that point but you want
to create some form of an outbound
Cadence that is and manual automated
social engagement sometimes the
occasional call I saw a post I think it
was from Kyle Coleman a couple days ago
that in his first 90 days he got 1,64
emails but three coold calls I know
people hate on coold calling but if you
want to break through do the things that
people don't want to do and then from
there you can use another tool called
warmly and warmly provides you website
tracking so you can actually see at an
account level on a free tool what
accounts are showing up on our website
so when you after all those pieces
together you've now got third party data
that is showcasing these accounts might
be in market for a solution like yours
and if you're early stage they don't
know that you exist so the goal here is
to make sure that they know that you
exist and you are a viable solution you
can then use a poot to get the right
people to reach out to and actually
sequence them and you can use warmly to
understand what accounts you're hitting
your website and then re-engage one to
one based on that data point and again
some people are like oh that's not a
fully it's all free tools like of course
it's not a fully connected and perfectly
attributable data it's scrapping the
company I'm building but if you're an
early stage startup that has almost no
website traffic or very little website
traffic and you start to see accounts
that have never looked at you before
showing up on your website two weeks
after you started a sequence I don't
think it's a crazy assumption that your
sequence got them to the website so
that's one option the other option I'll
make it much more simple and uh just
kind of easier if you are a Founder that
is building a problem for a space that
you previously been in build a referral
program and like just get referrals um
you can identify your target accounts
and then do relationship mapping through
Linkedin sometimes this is potentially
manual but you can figure out who in my
network works at the Target accounts
that I want to work in and then actually
map those relationships and you just do
it in an Excel spreadsheet and you reach
out and you just try to get on a
calendar and help people and you frame
it up more as like customer research um
I did this for Scrappy ABM I had 50
customer calls uh to understand the
framing of my products and services
before I launched the company 10 of
those calls turned into sales
conversations and then five of them
became clients so I had a 10% conversion
rate just going to my network and saying
hey here's what I'm doing is this the
right thing that you would recommend
doing based on your current situation so
like those are the two playbooks that
are not super complicated or Tech heavy
they're just hard just takes time when
you did that for your organization with
those 50 or so accounts you mapped out
what was was there much science to it
when
kind I know a lot of businesses I speak
to when I ask about especially early
stage when I ask like what's your ideal
client profile it's very vague not crisp
so I think a lot of companies when
they're framing up their ABM could do as
some help but I'd love to know what you
did yeah I mean
admittedly you know I think the referral
program is like we had mentioned like
this is for the example of a a calendar
company in the construction space like
that would be what I would consider a
vertical specific program because you
only serve these kinds of accounts
whereas I don't necessarily know that I
was running amm I was like I'm pretty
confident that I could help these people
at these kinds of
organizations uh let me just reach out
so I would not say it was necessarily a
quote unquote strategic ABM approach it
was more I didn't I didn't reach out to
other agencies because I wasn't trying
to sell to agencies I reached out to to
in-house marketers largely at B2B tech
companies that had anywhere from one to
five internal marketers because I
thought that was kind of where we were
going to land best turns out I think
that is where we land best 90% of our
clients Bas is reflective of that so
that's that's where I started and said
these are our service offerings does
this make sense so it was not
necessarily this super wellth thought
out strategic approach again we're
talking really early stage a lot of this
is just uh sang ver big fan of him he
said uh your strategy early is execution
because you don't know what you don't
know so you just need to go get enough
reps in to actually get some data
flowing through your system to say like
these accounts worked these didn't why
is that and then you're refective on
what is and isn't working but you can't
reflect on what is and isn't working if
you aren't doing anything so like get
started with something and then refine
from there nice nice like those examples
so we've got using was the tool called
propensity or propensity yeah so the
three tools propensity Apollo warm L
nice so that's basically mapping out
some Target accounts getting some data
together using Apollo to then build some
email sequences to them and then working
out from formally kind of what what
traffic what visitors from those
accounts are hitting your site and then
I'm guessing doing some more outbound to
the ones that are spending more time on
key pages on your site exactly and again
if we think back to that 4D framework
data is the most important piece if
you're early stage you just don't have
that much data that's first party so you
have to find out where you can get your
data from
somewhere yeah especially like you say
if you don't have a ton of cash to
invest in ads and driving that traffic
to your site if there's some quick wins
like you mentioned there then uh
marketing team should be all over this
and then secondly the referral program I
that's that's smart right like mapping
out who of those accounts you want to
want to break into and then working out
if you or anyone on your team is is
connected to any of those folks that
might be worth a conversation on
LinkedIn and then reaching out to them
by whatever means possible exactly cool
so those uh those sound super Scrappy is
there like a stage that's like one notch
up yeah so I I really love to focus for
a lot of people their first ABM program
around either Clos lost or existing
customers because one you're going to
get faster results here because it's
largely going to be focused on
first-party data and additionally you
know on both the Clos loss program and a
customer level program you can get
really specific in the content that
you're creating because you have a
greater understanding based on firsthand
experience engaging with that account so
you can get again very specific very
personalized very nuanced in the
Outreach and in the content that you
create so this is not necessarily more
advanced in like your Outreach and your
distribution channels it's more advanced
in the personalization from a Content
perspective the inevitable ideal state
for an ABM program that we help a client
build or that you build using our
framework is that your distribution
channel should largely inevitably stay
the same because your audience lives in
the same places and your tracking
component should largely stay the same
because you're tracking in the same ways
what ends up changing out is the data
piece so who are going after what's our
trigger and how we message those people
and then what content do we send to them
so that's why you focus on the framework
and again by focusing on Clos lost you
have some of the best data that you're
going to get access to your distribution
channels are very unique distribution
channels because you've already had
onetoone conversations with these people
they should be familiar with you plus
you can run ads up against the buying
committee that you've already identified
using LinkedIn or depending on your
current level of AD spend if you have
the HubSpot ad extension Plus You' had a
$50,000 ad been in Google you can
actually do Target account list based
advertising in Google through HubSpot so
you can actually really specifically
Target based on your clothes lost uh and
then those are your distribution
channels the content again you should
know why they didn't buy from you the
goal here is to re-engage by overcoming
the objection or using any news or
anything that's happened recently to
those organizations to Showcase why
you're now better fit again the tracking
components are website engagement booked
call
uh and then actual opportunities
generated so again not complexity in the
data or the distribution but it's more
how do you get personalized in the
content and organize the effective data
that you have today very well can you
give us an example on a close loss
campaign perhaps for yourself or one of
your clients on like how long so I
imagine I'm thinking it so I'm sure
audiences as well like how long do you
leave it until they're Clos L because
obviously we don't want to be knocking
on the door a day after they didn't buy
or a week after I imagine there's a bit
of time you got to leave and then
likewise how you you touched on a bit
then the kind of message and channel
that we should think to to reach back
out yeah that's a great question so uh
I'll give two examples one is for
Scrappy ABM because we've now existed
long enough that we've we've actually
got a decent bit of close lost don't get
wrong we closed at about a 35% rate but
that means that there's
65% that don't become customers that we
can re-engage so in my context a lot of
the early deals that I was selling were
like 30 to 45 day engagements so I
actually reach out a quarter later so
again I say hey you know you often times
something that's like I really like the
idea I think we'll try to build it in
house that's I don't generally lose to
another competitor I lose
to we can do this in house because I'll
be really blunt and honest what we do is
not that complicated like it's just the
right foundation and the right
fundamentals we're more of a timesaver
than anything else and we can just do it
right faster it's like that's my value
proposition so again people will often
say I think we can build this inous I'll
follow up a quarter later and we've seen
a a 20% response rate and that response
rate is actually still closing in our
standard conversion metrics based on
you're right we totally thought we were
going to be able to get this knocked out
in house other priorities came up we
still think this is something important
but we'd like to Outsource it to you to
get it done in like 30 to 45 days and
then it's done so in that context it's
it's based on the implementation time
frame they thought they could get it
done in house and to 45 days they didn't
I followed up about a month and a half
after it was supposed to be done it's
still not even gotten started so I can
now start with them that makes sense
another client generally speaking in
their industry they do annualized
contracts so it doesn't make sense to
follow up three months after because
it's like hey you hate your new product
they're logged into a contract so what
we did in that context is we waited
about six to eight months for a
different client and what we focused on
is we were able to bucket their off
reasons into really Three core reasons
and we addressed with personalized
messaging around one was um a lack of
feature set that was the main reason
they lost opportunities well this client
had done 18 product updates in six
months and they had a lot of the
features that they were previously
lacking plus specific integration that
were uh lacking in some of their
competitors that were important for
their customers so again they could go
back to the reason they lost it they
specifically cited you're lacking this
integration you're Laing this feature
and come back and say you know have this
this was the reason we didn't move
forward previously are there any other
reasons that you wouldn't move forward
with us now again that's not the exact
messaging but that was kind of the core
of it is like you said no previously
because of these reasons we now have
solved for these reasons is this enough
to re-engage in a conversation yes or no
again they actually had about a 25%
response rate to that and there have a
longer sales cycle and that's the
program we've launched recently so I
don't know the exact Revenue amount
that's coming out of that but again
think about the implementation time
frame and the standard contracts in your
industry and then based on
that I would do
like I would reach out probably three to
four months before their contract is
supposed to expire to re-engage in the
conversation I imagine a lot of B2B
companies are leaving a lot of money on
the table when it comes to these
strategies especially if their sales
team have like quite a high churn rate
and things like that I imagine a lot of
these closed loss deals just get lost in
the other and then especially if the
sales team are turning over fast right
the pipeline almost
disappears yeah and it's it's one of the
things of you know one of the things
that we look at with all of our clients
as a part of like our upfront audits are
the existing sales processes and the
data that's documented because what I
just referenced is like you need to have
documented close loss reason hum many
sales teams don't do that and like
admittedly as a founder-led seller I'm
probably not g about that either so like
I need to actually start documenting it
myself but especially if you have a
larger sales team like like sales team
data entry everybody hates it and it's
often people hate it because they don't
see the benefit and the value of it but
if you built a closed law program that
showcased hey we can actually automate
the re-engagement and list segmentation
all you have to do is follow this
process and you'll see a 25%
re-engagement rate in Pipeline and then
you're following your standard
conversion metrics like that becomes a
foundational program that actually you
can start to rely on for Revenue I'll
give a quick example of uh TR over at
user gems they use user gems themselves
they're able to source 133% of their
pipeline through Champion tracking but
it results in 23% of their revenue so
they have nearly a quarter of their
revenue not guaranteed but it's been
holding for like a couple of years at
that level so they just know okay we can
plan for this Revenue to be here because
it is historically showcased that it
will be and now we need to stack three
other programs on top of that that can
get the other 25ish percent but we've
got this and again I just think if you
could build a closed loss program or a
customer expansion program that is
highly repeatable it showcases your
ability to actually forecast Revenue
that is data driven versus kind of the
let me lick my finger and stick up the
here and see where the wind blows to
make my forecasting projections yeah
yeah yeah we had Trinity on the show a
few months back super smart marketer VP
marketing at user gems and and she
shared some ideas like you say around
Champion tracking like if you're um if
the the folks that you're dealing with
perhaps you're dealing with a vpm
marketing at tech company they leave
then tracking them into their new
organization and how to kind of follow
marketers that youve built rapport with
into other organizations and kind of
Drive Pipeline and drive new leads from
that so yeah sound sound advice in terms
of um actually following up with these
closed loss deals be it kind of standard
deals or be it deals that you didn't win
perhaps because You' lack a feature you
lack something but you've made a note of
it is there a a way that you've had more
success with kind of reaching back to
them my is it over Emil over Co does it
matter that much yeah no it's a great
question so there's there's a couple
components this one I would highly
recommend that to the best of your
ability have the same seller reach out
uh and what you want to do is not focus
in on hey it's been three four five
months should we hop on a call again but
what you want to focus on is hey last
time we talked I know you ended up going
with a different vendor or I know you
ended up not moving forward because we
the vendors you looking at we're lacking
features and you're probably still
searching for a solution we made some
recent product updates that address some
of the concerns that you had last time I
just didn't even know if you were aware
but I hope this might be for helpful as
you're looking at potentially finding
the right solution for this organ for
your organization again you just link
out to
like the blog post that you likely did
or the whatever the release was that is
the feature they will not read it but
they will see the headline be like oh
shoot they did it and again what you
then do from there is ideal is you have
a lookalike client that you can build a
case study around that showcases they
made the switch they did the thing and
you can then showcase the results that
they experience as a result of making
the switch or using the new feature set
specifically and trying to call that out
and again is that hard yeah but if you
think about maybe you have an existing
case study and what it's going to
require you to do is add a specific
paragraph that calls out this is how
this client uses this
feature and this was their life like
this was their result um ideally it's
hard numbers but it might
be a quote that's like using this
feature dramatically decreased our time
focusing on these tasks like ideally
it's hard numbers but often most
organizations are not able to get hard
numbers so if you can showcase something
better then that's a way that you can
follow up that is showing
these are the these are the benefits of
making this change so again showcasing
the products and the features that have
been updated showcasing casties and
testimonials that are of what life looks
like after using this feature and then
the other thing is like it doesn't have
to all be specific to the reason that
you didn't engage them you might be
hosting something else you might be
hosting a webinar you might be going to
an event like trying to figure out how
to we in other touch points that are not
exclusively focused on hey you didn't
buy for this reason now we're going to
hammer you for 45 days with this reason
that we can now overcome this objection
like it's a starting point but it
shouldn't live there it's now how do we
rebuild the relationship and it's maybe
making them aware that why you didn't
buy previously has now been solved and
we'd love to have another
conversation nice like it so again that
Clos loss campaign doesn't sound overly
expensive it's more about setting up
systems in place and having procedures
and Frameworks rather than spending a
load of cash yeah I mean you can do it
literally for for no dollars like it not
no dollars I mean you've got your Tech
costs that are already in place but I
mean like no incremental dollars the
only thing that I can think through that
may require um some cash would just be
ad spend or uh if there is has been
turnover in the organization since the
last
engagement then you're going to look for
somehow to enrich your data to figure
out who the right people are in that
organization moving forward might be a
use case for user gems not sponsored but
like that's actually what they do so all
that to say um there this can be done at
little to no additional incremental cost
other than the time to build the process
build the content and then get it going
got it and is there like a stage above
this where it's it's going to cost you a
bit more but you'll get kind of a bit of
a better impact once you're ready yeah
that's a great question um again if we
think back to the the 4D framework of
data distribution destination Direction
really the only incremental cost that
you're going to have here would be just
adding additional distribution channels
so again as long as you've got the right
data
sources then there's no cost on data as
long as you have the right distribution
channels that are getting in front of
these audiences and getting their
response there's no cost there unless
again you try to break into more of the
decision committee and you're showcasing
awareness level content uh across the
entire decision committee through an ad
set like there's going to be cost there
for Content it's the cost of whatever it
costs you to produce the content you
might work with an agency you might do
that in house so those are your costs
there and then lastly is just the
direction how do we track these things
that might depending on your
organization maybe you have a horrible
CRM and that has no ability to track
anything you may need to get the
technology in place that can help you
track it which would be something where
like a warmly comes in because warmly is
all around website engagement website
tracking so
again the framework works it's just a
matter of now what do we slot into those
different segments and where are we weak
in certain areas and then how do we
bolster that those are going to be your
costs Legend anything we haven't covered
in terms of problems that you might face
while setting some of these things up
any common issues that you see B2B
companies run
into yeah I uh we talked a lot about
what I would refer to as like your
starting points so like these are how
you get everything started like
inevitably you want to move to like
you've referenced it a couple times like
what's the next level up so like it
admittedly this is all if you think
about an account progression model which
I'll Define very quickly it's like the
awareness stage the initial engagement
the meaningful engagement the
re-engagement there's a lot of
Engagement here uh and then the
conversion stage so like those are the
five what we would refer to as our kind
of standard and obviously you Nuance it
depending on your organization
everything we've been talking about
right now is Meaningful engagement to
re-engagement Stage they are what I
would refer to as demand capture
playbooks where you get sales involved
in capturing existing demand that you've
generated in your target account list so
at some point you've got to go higher up
funnel like you have to make the
accounts aware that you exist and you
solve their problem so again if you
think back to that 4D framework it's the
same thing it's just instead of the goal
being a meeting on the calendar it's
they've hit our website and they know
that we exist like that's awareness
stage that's a goal because if you're
people don't know that you exist they
can't buy from you and people hate it
when I say that but like it's just the
truth you have to run some form of an
awareness campaign to make sure your
target accounts know that you exist and
then when you move to initial engagement
like they need to be educated on how you
help them and why they would need to buy
from you meaningful engagement is then
those product those pricing those
schedule of call Pages re-engagement
where you get your sales team involved
so can just playbooks all the way
through these different stages so you
build a full ABM program that generates
pipeline then you want to actually build
programs that accelerate your pipeline
and then you want to build programs that
expand your customer base so like you
take this same con concept and you
implement it in those three functional
areas of your business and you will have
a machine that actually repeatedly
prints revenue is what everybody wants
just takes years we just don't have the
patience for it that's it sorry I get
heated about that don't worry man look
Mason I really appreciate you sharing
insights ideas and practical stories I
can tell you're passionate about the ABM
space but appreciate you actually
walking through not only what you've
done for your own campaigns with your
own organization but also for for
clients and making it super practical so
want to thank you for coming on the show
and please do share more about how
everyone tuning in can learn from you
more about Scrappy ABM in the best way
to get in touch yeah there are three
places so the first is I would say
LinkedIn I am unfortunately all over
LinkedIn uh so I post probably too much
but if you like ABM and also I have the
cutest daughter in the world I post
about those two things all the time
probably too much I'm the intersection
of account based marketing and babies uh
the second place would be the scrappy
ABM podcast so uh I actually had a great
guest that talked through the
intersection of ABM and SEO that went
out
yesterday uh it's a great episode so if
you want highly practical playbooks
around how to build an ABM program using
different tactics and channels and
getting really deep and all those things
that's where I would go and the third
place is the Scrapy ABM website uh right
now I will be very candid and
transparent is currently a one-page
website but we are doing a pretty
significant overhaul uh to add a lot
more content and a lot more information
and uh on the that you can actually
subscribe for the Weekly Newsletter that
goes out and sends out all the podcast
information so if you want podcast
delivered directly dur inbox you can
also subscribe there so those be the
three places I'd go look up Mason Cosby
on LinkedIn look up Scrappy ABM wherever
you listen to podcast and Google Scrappy
ABM you'll see a very bright orange
website uh and hopefully you see my dumb
face everywhere if you don't uh somebody
else is trying to own Scrappy ab and I
got to fix
it good man we'll put links to those
below Mason want to thank you once again
enjoyed the chat awesome thank you for
having me cheers dude we've got to give
a quick shout out to our sponsors
Revenue hero and factors AI for
sponsoring today's episode and if you
want to join thousands of Legends
enjoying past episodes or to try out our
daily B2B marketing tips emails head
over to breaking bb.com and we want to
thank you the audience for tuning in
catch you on the next one
[Music]